Hey, this is Phil and Cole. We're excited to do a live session for you today. Hey Cole, how's it
going? I think we are live. So let me go ahead and share my screen, and we're going to talk
through a couple things today, set the context, and then jump in as fast as we can. We only have
30 minutes today, so we're going to go pretty fast, try to give everyone a chance to play with
some of these new and exciting tools that are in the space. So let me go ahead and share my screen.
And Cole, make sure that you're seeing the right screen. You should be seeing
five ways to help programmers. Yeah, that's what we're seeing. That's what you're seeing. Okay,
cool. So back in 2023, so about a year ago, I went to Cole and said, hey, there's a conference coming
up. Why don't we do a talk together and focus on all the exciting ways that GenAI is impacting the
statistical programming and the pharmaceutical space. And so we got together and we wrote a
paper. I'll put it in the chat box. It's called AI Exploration and Innovation for the Clinical
Data Scientist. This was presented at the FUSE conference, I think back in February, March
timeframe. And you can find the paper here, and I'll put this in the chat so everybody can get to
it. And what we did is we, in this paper, broke down all of the tools that people were using at
that time for helping to aid programmers. And there's a lot of interest right now in how can
we support programmers, especially coming from commercial software, and aid them in the transition
over to open source, especially R, using Python and tools like that. And so that was the perspective
of the paper. But we decided as we were writing it that there was two new and exciting areas that we
jumped on. One was the idea of can you use local models in addition to the public LLMs? And then
also, if you do that, or even if you build and have access to other public models, how do you
have an interface into that? And so we have some sections in here around creating Shiny interfaces
as well as Streamlit interfaces for doing that. And so over the course of, you know, four or
five months this year, Cole and I gave a couple different talks about these topics. And what they
kept transitioning over into was the power of Shiny for interfacing into LLMs. And so, Cole,
I know this was something that felt like we've seen a lot with groups that we work with, with
people in the public. There was also Joe Chang's talk at Deposit Conference a couple weeks ago.
Winston spoke about this. So why don't you take the attendees through this diagram that you wrote
and explain this a bit? Yeah, this is my crazy brainchild. But the thing that I thought was
really interesting is that OpenAI and ChatGPT went like crazy viral to the point that people who
know nothing about software and technology and statistics were talking about it. And I think the
thing that they really nailed was this little triangle that I developed here. It wasn't just
that they created a cool model. It's the bottom right corner. They did create a cool model, right?
They've made a lot of good progress there. But the thing that they really nailed is they
created an interface that people could build on top of, and that's the top of the triangle,
right? So they created an OpenAPI interface that folks can build against when they're building
their own software tools. And so that's consistent. It's structured. It's useful if I wanted to build
some app that used this model. And so that, I think, is part of what made them enormously
successful is that, and I've done this before, is like you build a tool that uses their model
through that OpenAPI interface. And if they improve the model, all I do is like click a
button and my tool gets better. I don't have to do any rework. So that extensibility and that platform
kind of structure was really big. But then the other thing that they really nailed, and this was
part of the virality of it, was the user experience. This chat app where you could like talk to the
model and be like, wow, this thing's really smart. That was, I think, really innovative and it was
what kind of made the power of the model click for everyone. And so these three things all kind
of work together really nicely. And this is kind of the worldview that we think about a lot
when we think about data products, that you want to think about how your users are interacting
with what you've built. A lot of times they don't care, you know, how you built the model or how you
tuned it. They want to have an interface that makes sense and provides value to them. But then
the other thing is to build these interfaces so that you don't have to rebuild your UX every time
the model changes. And so that's kind of the API interface and more kind of structured
interactions. So anyways, all three of these go into a good data science ecosystem, in our opinion.
And I think, so what Cole and I did as the talks evolved, we focused on the landscape for GenAI
and the open source ecosystem. And then we migrated that over into a hands-on workshop.
And then the last talk that we gave in June was how do you use the tools that are on my screen
for building Shiny applications. And so we made videos of almost all of these. And so we're going
to leave that to you. And if there's some time today in our 30-minute session here today,
we'll try to show you how to get up and running with some of these. But what we want to focus
on today is this UI space. How do we create custom interfaces into LLMs, into models?
And so there's a lot of great ways to do this. There's Shiny for R that's been around for many,
many years. It's really changed the game and it's really having an awesome impact
on the pharmaceutical space. If you've seen Teal or other tools like that, it's really,
really great. There's also interfacing oftentimes here with Python. And so you can use an R package
called reticulate to interface and help with the interoperability of Python and R working together.
But what's exciting and what we want to talk to you today is Shiny for Python. And so Shiny for
Python came out, I think we released it about a year or two ago at our conference. And so what
we want to talk about today is how do you get up and running, creating a Shiny for Python application
and how do you do that, especially in this realm of LLMs and interfacing with custom LLMs. Maybe it's
your own backend that you've built using cloud and LLMs. Maybe you have local models that you're
wanting to interface. Regardless what it is, Shiny is a great UI experience and you can do that both
in R and in Python. And that's what we're going to look at for today. And so, Cole, with that,
why don't we transition over to your repository and show them how they can get up and running
with it and play with it today using some of the new tools that are at their disposal.
Awesome. Yeah. Awesome. I'll turn off my screen share. And while you're talking, I'm going to
update the links in the chat. Cool. Yeah. Somebody asked if the slides can be shared.
Yep. I'm going to put those in the chat. Perfect. Alrighty. Can you all see my screen?
I can see it. It looks great. Perfect. All right. So the GitHub repo that we want to start with,
which in order to do the hands-on part of this workshop, again, 30 minutes is a pretty quick
turnaround, you are going to need a GitHub account. So the URL is github.com slash my name,
Cole Arndt. Sorry for the, you know, last name is a little different, but slash Shiny dash chat.
And there's two examples here that we'll get started on. But as most of you probably know
that you need a place to work, and that's a kind of pernicious problem with demos and workshops
and stuff like that. And so what we're using today is Codespaces. So you see this button here at the
top of the repo opening GitHub Codespaces. If you click on that, it will use your GitHub account
and say, hey, do you want to open this in a Codespace? I've already done this. So I have a
Codespace that I can resume. You probably will have to just create a new one. The default settings
are perfect. And this is a GitHub product that there's a free tier, and then I'm sure there's
paid, you know, stuff too. But basically the idea is it allows you to use VS Code directly in your
browser. And so that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to resume the Codespace. It's actually
loaded right over here, but I'm just going to reopen it. And you should see something very
much like this when you get there. Yours is going to take a little bit longer, unfortunately,
because, again, I had the foresight of doing this. It takes like three to four minutes,
and basically what happens is GitHub allocates you a URL. It'll look something like this,
some prefix of names with some gobbledygook. And this is your private interaction environment.
There is some shared stuff that you can do. And then what it's going to do is it's going to
provision you a place where you're running this environment. It's going to clone the repository
and all of its code. It's also going to do some work for you on installing the Python packages
that we're using, as well as the VS Code extensions. So if you're not familiar with VS
Code, there's plenty to learn here. But we added some Python extensions, the Shiny extensions,
which are fairly new. And then we also added something to provision the Python packages. So
it should take just a few minutes. I don't really have any method of feedback to know
if anybody's running into trouble. Yeah, let me use my instincts here. So maybe
give everyone a minute or two, especially if they're logging into GitHub or if they're new to
GitHub. So a couple of quick questions and things to point out here, Cole. So VS Code is this
extensible IDE, and probably a lot of people on today are used to either using some type of
commercial IDE or RStudio. Maybe explain a little bit why are we using this for Shiny for Python?
Yes. So yes. So VS Code is an IDE written by Microsoft. There is a licensed version of it
from Microsoft, and then there's an open source version. And so VS Code is a really great IDE.
It's good for Python. It's common in the Python ecosystem. And so that's kind of the primary
reason. RStudio does have a bunch of Python features, but it is definitely not a Python-first
kind of ecosystem. But the other thing is that VS Code is something that can be built on top of.
And so that's where you have all of these extensions. So to answer the question there in
the chat, you can install extensions if you want. There's actually some cool features inside of
GitHub where you can install a bunch of your default extensions for your user and stuff
like that. But VS Code is sort of bare without extensions. And so you add all these
extensions, and that's something that Posit we're working towards is trying to make an IDE that
has all of the goodness of VS Code without the kind of DIY you have to build your
own IDE from it. And so that's Positron. So I don't know if you wanted to chat about that a
little bit, Phil. Yeah, no, I think the key thing is that I feel like when I go into RStudio, it's
kind of what I need it to be. And when I go into VS Code, I kind of need to make it what I want
it to be. We're working on that with Positron. It's a new IDE by RStudio. So I do think probably
going forward, there'll be an IDE like this that we'll use. And I'll put that in the chat box as
well. Currently, this is supported on the desktop version. And so this will be a very similar
experience, but built from the perspective of VS Code is mainly for software development and
software engineers. We're taking that and building this for data scientists so that they can have
that multilingual experience. But Cole, I think if you go back, I think the key thing to say here is,
yeah, we do need to install some of these extensions, right? Because I don't think those
come out of the box. So are these the ones that people will need to install for today's session?
They should be installed by default. This is a fun little nerdy bit. So there's a dev container
here in the repository. And so it installs these extensions by default. It also has this little UV
feature that installs your Python packages for you. So again, it'll take a few minutes,
but it should install everything with the exception of this one, which doesn't install
because it's not released yet. It's in a pre-release stage. And so that's why that
one's not automatically installed. So if you want to install that one, you can. This is
a tool for publishing R and Python applications. So Cole, we're going to publish the Python app
today. They'll need this for the cloud publishing, right? It's actually not needed for cloud. Yeah.
No way. Okay, cool. They won't use that little push button that we've used?
Yeah. I'll talk through it here. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You showed me this last night. Okay. Very cool.
I've got one other question for you. You've made changes to the GitHub repo,
and I want to pick those up. Maybe show people in case they...
Yeah, it should be. So if you go to the GitHub repo, there's a couple of things you can do.
So one is, and the recent changes I added, you can see an hour ago, I added this dashboard folder.
That came from PositDev, and it was PyShinyTemplates, I think. That's right.
And so if you're trying to get into Shiny for Python, or you're curious and you want to explore,
this repo is a good one. It has a ton of examples that you can explore and poke around and learn
from. And so all we did was we took one of these, and I shoved it into the repo, just so that we
could have a single code space that does everything. And so to do that, to get that
latest thing, you can either reopen from the Shiny chat, or you can use the source control pane here.
And there's a pull somewhere. I'm not super familiar with VS Code. There we go. Pull.
Should pull the latest changes. Cool. So hopefully everybody has got things up.
And so we'll dive in here into the dashboard folder. And if you open up app-core,
this is core Shiny for Python. I'll explain in a minute the difference between core and express,
but if you're familiar with Shiny in the R ecosystem, basically it's very similar. You
have the UI, and then you have the server. The syntax is going to be a little bit different
because it's Python, but then you run the app at the end with the UI and the server from it.
And so this application, if you run it, you should have the little run button if you have
the extension installed. If you run it, you'll see the application in your browser here in the UI,
and you can interact with it, which is kind of fun. Although I might want to open it up
into a new window so that you can see the... And I think the key thing here, Cole, is that
we're trying to show before we get into a Shiny app that's interfacing with LLMs,
we thought it'd be good for you to understand that Shiny for Python is a Python package,
and it's available for creating Shiny applications with pure Python code.
But what's nice is if you're an R developer or somebody coming to Shiny for Python and you're
new to it, the layout of the code and the way that the UI and server elements are there is very
similar. And so this is a good example for you to kind of break down and build that mental model of
oh, this is what this looks like in Python versus R, or if I'm new and I'm just coming to the Shiny
for Python piece, hopefully you will be able to see how this is laid out, especially if you have
a background in Python. Yes, well said. Sorry, I'm responding to a question here. But yes, and really
the key thing we believe at Posit is that ultimately code is a great way to build interfaces
because you can package it up and reuse little bits. And so you'll see that there's a bunch of
components that we're using here from the Shiny ecosystem to create this display.
And so yeah, so this is a simple example. The Express Python script is basically the same
thing. It's just a different syntax. And so this is common in a bunch of other programming
languages. But the idea is to try to make a little bit more scoped functionality.
And so Express is just a slightly different way of expressing a Shiny application that's
meant to be a little bit less like a nested list of lists and more, you know, hey, here's the sidebar,
here's a layout column, here's some more layout columns, and some cards, right? So you can kind
of build little pieces and then reuse it. So again, you can play with this, right? You run
the Shiny, the app Express, and you'll see more or less the same thing, same application,
different code that built it, same idea. But the key here is giving users an interface, whether
they know programming or not. I find these things really useful. I can program but it's still like,
you can just see the data, which is great. So the idea is to build a good interface. And we're
going to go from that into the LLM world. Is there anything you wanted to share before we did that,
Bill? Yeah, no, I think there's probably a couple different components here. We're not going to
spend a ton of time on it. But I put Shiny live in the chat box. So you can play with Shiny for
Python there. What we're doing here is more traditional as like, I'm going to go build an
app and I want to develop it and probably put it on a server or deploy it somewhere. Shiny for
live is a great place for you to experience Shiny for Python, where you can actually play with the
code. Yeah, exactly. And you can actually write the Python code here. So it's a nice simplified
UI for you to actually experience this live. And then you can also use Shiny live to build your
own applications. And this has been something that's been quite popular in pharma. There was a
submission pilot done to the FDA where they're incorporating things like WebAssembly and WebR
and Shiny live into that because this is a serverless way to create and share applications.
What we're going to focus on in the VS code is more of the server based development model,
where we're actually going to create a Shiny for Python application with the purpose of
deploying that onto a machine that's going to serve that out to the world. So. All right,
Cole. Now, yeah, over to you. And I think let's go ahead and transition over to the UI piece.
Yes. So the other thing, this is where we wanted to transition to the LLM world.
The interface that everybody's familiar with is the chat interface. And so that's what we're
going to do. And this is, again, one of the huge benefits of code, right? I'm totally just stealing
a package that one of my teammates built. Winston Chang, if y'all know. Not Winston Chang.
What's his last name? Joe Chang or Winston. Yeah. But what's his last name? His last name's
escaping me. I got Joe Chang. It is Chang. OK, cool. Yeah. Thank you, Joe. Winston.
Yeah. Cool. So, yeah. So this chat stream package is a user interface for building a chat
application. And so this is what everybody's used to. And the idea is you can do it yourself.
And what you have to do is you just have to wire up a back end. And so that's the piece here.
You might be like, wow, can we really do something meaningful in 20 lines of code? Yes, you can.
But we need something else first. And the first thing here is that we need an open AI URL. And so
let me share the line of code you need to generate that.
I'm not really good at the, you know, for only for 15 minutes. This will work.
But, you know, I imagine I'm a really good salesperson and I can like speak really fast
and make you want to buy things. So you should run this line of code if you're walking along with us
running the terminal. Basically, the idea is, remember, we talked about that little triangle.
There's an API that you can talk to with our user interface we're about to build.
And that has a model behind it. It has open API behind it or open AI behind it,
ChatGPT. But I removed all the authentication. I'm paying for your API requests for the next 15
minutes. And so if you do that, you should get a little .env file here. That's going to get loaded
up. And we're going to use this magic URL to use ChatGPT. So let me get this guy started.
Although I think I need to kill this guy. My run button is not happy with me.
You'll see this click, click, click, doing nothing. All right, let's refresh.
So the idea is, once you have that .env file, and then you go to run your Shiny application,
you should get a chat interface with your model. And remember, I made the choices about
where the API is, where the model is, what model we're using. I made all those choices for you.
But the whole idea here is you're in control of the interface. And so if you were doing this in
your organization, right, you could swap out what model is being used. You could swap out
where the API is, if it's hosted inside your organization, or if it's hosted outside your
organization. And this is not happy with me, which is always exciting. Can always kill things with
the demo. Here we go. So I got it. I just got no CSS. So you can see the model is working.
I just don't have any CSS loaded. So it's not as pretty as it should be.
That's amazing. It was working fantastically earlier. But you can see I'm interacting here.
I'm talking to a model. Who are you? Are you ChatGPD? Lies. It really is ChatGPD, I promise.
So yeah, so this is the idea, right? I wrote code. It pulled in this package that builds a
chat interface with a model. Where is that model? It's an API. That API is a model,
is an API that I'm hosting that has ChatGPD behind it. So if you want to do this after
the next 15 minutes, you can go into the readme of this repo, and it talks about setting up a
direction, like talk directly to OpenAI and their hosting of the model. In order to do that,
you have to have an API key and an account and all that shenanigans. So anyway, so that's
the case for this. But this is still only in my local development environment. I can use this
thing, but nobody else can. And so what we wanted to show you also is how to deploy this thing so
that anybody can use it. So yeah, Phil, anything before we do? Yeah, no, I think the idea here is
that you're at a pharma, and you have built some really cool stuff on the back end. Maybe you're
using tools at AWS, or you have your own vector database, or maybe you have a local model or
extensions of Anthropic, or maybe you're using ChatGPT. And you want to do what ChatGPT did. You
want to do what OpenAI did. You want to build a simple interface for employees at your company
to use and to use the power that you have on the back end. And so Shiny for Python is a great
interface and tool to do that. And so what we want to show you today is without much
sophistication, you can build an interface into these back ends that you have inside your company,
or in your partnerships or relationships with these larger Gen AI companies.
It's working perfect for me, Cole, just want to mention. But I do think there's some questions
about, hey, I'd like to play with this. There's some app.py changes, or there's some requirements
text changes. Maybe just take two steps back and show people the changes that you showed me.
So yeah, yeah, I think it looked like, I don't think my chat messages get sent to everybody.
So this is what you have to run to get the .env file with the magic URL that'll work
for a limited time only. And then the, yeah, Joe shared the GitHub repo, which is awesome.
And then, yeah, so it should be the requirements.txt here has everything in it. I did hack
against chat stream, so you're using my copy of it. But anyways, yeah, so I think that should
hopefully be good for everybody. I know we're running short on time. I wanted to show everybody
the URL. Is it connect.posit.cloud? Yeah, here we go. So this is an alpha product that Posit is
creating, but it's super fun. It's great for deploying, especially Python apps are really
magical right now. And so this is something that we're going to play with for sharing this
with the world. I think the main idea here that I want to point out is the echo open AI URL.
That's something that inside of the code space, they go into the terminal and they just run that
command. Yes. Yeah. A couple of questions. And when you do that, that's going to make it so that you
can interact with the open AI piece, correct? Yeah, yeah, exactly. And basically, this is just,
it's my little API that handles authentication to the model so that y'all don't have to use an API
key for. And so for people on today, the idea is that we're using code space so that you can
develop a Shiny for Python app and go through the motion of seeing what it's like to work with the
code and configurations and things like that. But this is right now local to your development
environment. It's only available to you as a developer. And so the idea here is like,
I have some really cool stuff and I want to share this with my colleagues or others. How do I do
that? And so we're going to show you a way to do that. That's pretty fresh. It just got launched.
Yeah. Over to you. Yeah. Yeah. So if you go to connect up positive cloud,
the login that you have to go through, and there is a little bit of a login dance. So
if you haven't been before, you will have to go through that. And that,
but you have to go through GitHub. So again, you're using your GitHub account.
And the reason that we do that is because when you publish, and so this is what I was saying,
we don't necessarily need to publish extension. We can publish directly from connect cloud.
And what you do is you go in here, you say, Hey, I want to deploy a shiny application.
And then you choose your repository. And so you can see, I can deploy all the different
kind of entry point files inside of the repository. And so I want to deploy my chat application.
And you can choose your version of Python, all that jazz. I'm also going to set my
open AI URL here with my magic URL. And Phil, that was the wrong echo command.
We want the one with the HTTPS in it. So one thing I want to point out is I just put the link to
the publishing tool that we're going to use in the chat box. So if you'd like to try it out,
the quickest way since we've got about eight minutes to play with this is to use your GitHub
credentials. So you can log in with the GitHub credentials. That's right, Cole.
And then I think this is really thinking cool. So once you've got that page,
all you have to do is just point it to Cole's repository, make sure it's pointed to the main
branch and the app.py file, and then set the configurable variable so that that open AI
underscore URL that we set in the terminal, we're going to set it here in this interface.
And then, Cole, without much, go ahead and kick it off.
Yeah. Yes, we can publish. And now we're sharing this out with the world.
And I really love how stinking fast this thing is. Anybody who has sat around and watching
dplyr compile before will just absolutely love how fast this is because it's done already,
which is insane. And so now this is a URL that anybody can use. And my little friend, the
chatbot is now out here. I'm going to sanity check this before I share it with everybody.
So if I go to an incognito window, right, here it is.
So cool. Why don't you try see if see how it does in creating a shiny for Python app.
What do you mean?
Add right there. Just say, can you please create a shiny for Python?
Yeah, so I will. I will confess, I played with this earlier today. And
it struggled. It kept creating streamlet apps and dash apps. Yeah, see, it wants dash.
But if it makes you feel any better, I also found some other funny things.
And, oh, wow, it got it. Good job. But check this out. It's not very confident, though.
It was convinced it was Saturday, the last time I was talking to it.
So I think this connects back to the beginning, where at the very beginning of the workshop,
we showed five different ways to create shiny apps with gen AI. One of those,
and probably the most popular one is Copilot. And I'll put a link in the chat box at how to set
that up inside of RStudio. Originally, we were going to show that, but it's pretty straightforward.
You just go into the global options, you can enable it, and then you have a gen AI programming
assistant right inside of the RStudio environment. There's another tool called Chatter that lets you
use OpenAI. But I think Cole and I, you know, what we mentioned about Positron earlier,
there'll probably be some nice extensions for that. All right, I'll put in the chat box the
link to the Copilot on how to get that set up. All right.
I really want to highlight this. There's a couple of ways I think you could, you know,
take away from this. I think one of the easy ways to take away from this, I think there's
probably people in the audience who are like, well, I mean, it's not like we did that much,
right? Like, I mean, and you can't do that much in 30 minutes. But I think the key is what we're
trying to show you is building blocks that you can then use and build something awesome with.
And the idea is you bring the awesome to that equation, right? But these building blocks are
really good tools. And somebody made a comment about, you know, can this be used with such and
such model? And the thing I want to highlight is, again, this is just using an interface,
a structured interface that OpenAI made popular. Any model that uses that interface or any random
API that somebody like me wrote that happens to use that interface, which is what this is,
it's a random thing that I cooked up one night, will work, right? You just swap out that URL and
point it somewhere else. It's like, hey, this is my other API that is a front end, it's a wrapper
around Bedrock or whatever other model you want to use. And so the idea is to identify these
building blocks and then, you know, piece them together to build something really cool that
makes an impact on, you know, your company, the world, whatever, you know, just you bring the,
you got to bring the ideas though, because these are just like building blocks that you can then
put together. I think that where we'd point you next is that Joe and Winston gave some amazing
talks at the Posit conference that we had a couple weeks ago. I don't know if those videos
are made available yet, but I think the plan is to make them freely available on YouTube
and definitely watch those. I've been interacting with pharmas a lot the last couple weeks and
they have been starting to use those concepts and tools, using Shiny for doing data analysis and
also using Shiny to help you build Shiny apps. And so there's some really great talks.
But hopefully today highlighted how you can get going creating Shiny for Python apps and then also
how you can use that in the space that you have around Gen AI and LLMs, which seems to be a popular
topic. So I think we have about two or three minutes for questions. And if anybody wants to
post those in the chat, I can ask those out loud for Cole and myself, and then we will pass it to
the first speaker for today. Yeah, so somebody I think is asking about the cloud hosting. I know
that the connect.posit.cloud is pretty much brand new, Cole. It's free, I think, right?
There's a free tier, maybe some also. Do you know much about that yet?
I don't. Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's free right now. Same thing with where we were developing
earlier. This has a free tier as well. It's hosted. The thing is, most of these services,
you're using somebody else's computer, basically. If anybody's ever seen that sticker,
there is no cloud, it's just somebody else's computer. So a lot of times they'll let you
use their computer up to a point. When you start trying to train a thousand models and that kind
of stuff, they're like, hey, pony up, it's time to pay. So anyway, so there's definitely a free tier.
Connect.Cloud right now is free because it's alpha. But yeah, lots of good tools out there.
Lots of things that you can download for free onto your desktop. You do want to be careful
with hosted services because you don't want to rack up a big bill or anything.
Because I think the thing here, Cole, is we wanted to show you what it's like to publish,
but most people inside their company are going to have strict controls around publishing and
how they do that. So you probably want to build these Shiny for Python apps in a managed space,
and then you also have a publishing environment or platform that you use. But hopefully this gives
you an idea of how you can ship things off onto the web, whether it's internal or external.
And somebody asked, Cole, how do I start the app after I created the .env?
Yeah, yeah. So when you want to run the app, you have the .env file. There's this helpful little
run button, and that is made possible via this Shiny extension. So if you don't have that extension
installed, you want to install that, and it'll recognize that, hey, this is a Shiny app,
and you can run it. But if you notice what happens here, it's just a Python command, right?
Python dash m shiny run, and then there are a bunch of arguments. And so you're using Python
to run the Shiny app, but the little run button makes it a lot easier. So that's the
thing that I'd recommend there. Fun tip, if these buttons aren't showing up for you,
you can use the command palette, which is usually like command shift P, control shift P,
something like that. And you can also do that directly from your command palette. So there's
lots of good ways to invoke an extension like that. I've got two quick comments here. So someone asked
about how secure is the private data? Because a lot of times, the idea with LLMs is working with
your own PDFs, your own documents. And that's why Cole and I originally explored the local models,
but some organizations now have relationships with the big tech companies where they're doing
these types of things. So typically, inside your company is where you're going to have a lot of
this software in managed VPCs, virtual private clouds. So the security is just going to be
inherited based on the IT team and how they set things up. And usually, you just take Posit
software there or wherever you're managing things in-house. So the next talk is starting. I think
Cole and I can hang out while everybody transitions over. The talk that Cole and I gave at FUSE that
sparked a lot of this and was originally the idea for the conference, the speaker is going to go now
from Roche to talk about what Roche is doing internally to create chatbots to help people
with programming. So I'd encourage you to leave this session and jump over to the next one,
where we will be kicking things off for the conference today. And thank you so much for
coming. Hopefully, this gave you some cool ideas on how you can use Shiny. And we will see you
in October for R and Pharma coming up. So thanks a lot. Thanks, y'all. All right. See you later.